I think the two main things that are gonna shake my future well, I'll
say three, um, number one. How hard I work for the next two years while
I'm in this Masters program that I'm in right now. Um, the second
thing is, what job is going to take me as soon as I'm done? It can
range from anything from the National Security Administration to, ah,
University to NASA. Who knows what is what's what's gonna happen.
But I'm not in control of that. Um but I think probably the most important
thing for me is who I'm going to meet for, uh, my my spouse.
I'm looking at all the time, and I think I didn't realize how important
was before, But I definitely realized, um, you know the person
you're gonna wake up beside, where you're gonna have kids or not even
whether I'm gonna buy a house and settle down in a city or not all
those things depend on you know who I choose to live life with